---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "chirpstack_device_profile Resource - chirpstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DeviceProfile resource
---

# chirpstack_device_profile (Resource)

DeviceProfile resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "chirpstack_device_profile" "mydeviceprofile" {
  tenant_id                       = chirpstack_tenant.tenant.id
  name                            = "mydeviceprofile"
  description                     = "My Device Profile"
  mac_version                     = "LORAWAN_1_0_3"
  region                          = "AU915"
  region_parameters_revision      = "A"
  adr_algorithm                   = "default"
  allow_roaming                   = false
  device_status_request_frequency = 1
  device_supports_class_b         = false
  device_supports_class_c         = false
  device_supports_otaa            = true
  expected_uplink_interval        = 3600
  flush_queue_on_activate         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mac_version` (String) The LoRaWAN MAC version supported by the device.
- `name` (String) Device profile name
- `region` (String) Device profile region
- `region_parameters_revision` (String) Revision of the Regional Parameters specification supported by the device.
- `tenant_id` (String) Tenant ID

### Optional

- `adr_algorithm` (String) The ADR algorithm that will be used for controlling the device data-rate.
- `allow_roaming` (Boolean) If enabled (and if roaming is configured on the server), this allows the device to use roaming.
- `class_c_timeout` (Number) Class-C timeout (seconds). This is the maximum time ChirpStack will wait to receive an acknowledgement from the device (if requested).
- `description` (String) Device profile description
- `device_status_request_frequency` (Number) Frequency to initiate an End-Device status request (request/day). Set to 0 to disable.
- `device_supports_class_b` (Boolean) Device supports Class-B
- `device_supports_class_c` (Boolean) Device supports Class-C
- `device_supports_otaa` (Boolean) Device supports OTAA
- `expected_uplink_interval` (Number) The expected interval in seconds in which the device sends uplink messages. This is used to determine if a device is active or inactive.
- `flush_queue_on_activate` (Boolean) The ADR algorithm that will be used for controlling the device data-rate.
- `region_config_id` (String) Region configuration ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) DeviceProfile identifier
